Lai Jun Lin
What do you want to do?
Xiao Xi
Why don't you call me doctor Lai
I like you
Calling me doctor Lai is better
Lai Jun Lin
Why did you do this?
Xiao Xi
Do you know?
Because of you
I used revenge
The most gentle
To blame
Can only blame her
Obviously born in the Gu family
But why is Gu Yan Chen
Can live in luxury
I didn't know until later
Because my mother was just a servant
But Gu Yan Chen's mother
Coming from a so-called famous family
So, Xiao Xi
There is love
So what?
To the end
Not still dead
In the hands of the person you love?
After all
We are the same kind of people
Xiao Xi
You are
A rabbit that no one needs
Me too
We
We are a family
We can't
Enter the bear's world at all
Xiao Xi